Dear client,
Thank you for your job posting.
We are a blockchain and cryptocurrency application development company offering a services like crypto trading platform with margin trading, IEO like binance, P2P escrow system like localbitcoins, OTC platform, whitepaper creation, crypto wallet applications, ICO platform, smart contract creation, ERC20 based token creation and POS/POW based altcoin creation etc,.

We can develop your Bitcoin wallet system with the genaration of unique wallet address for every users and along with the integration the features for deposit/Withdrawal/transactions.

Our Portfolio's:

http://koboex.com/
https://prechange.is/
https://escrow4crypto.com/
http://sheerex.io/

I have been doing a lot of work for this type of job. More detail you may be interested in will be provided over chat. 

Kindly regards,

Yurii
---------cryptocurrency----------------

Dear Hiring Manager,

Thank you for your job posting. 
Your best Blockchain Developer here
I have read your doc very carefully and I am so interested in your job.
As Highly professional web and blockchain developer with good temper and 3 years of experience, solid leadership skills, and unrivalled building skills.
and software Developer with 5+ years of experience in Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, I'd love to work with enthusiasm for this position.
So don't waste time to find another developer as I am best suitable for your job.

Develop emerging technologies such as Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, wallet, AI, Machine Learning, and Data Analytics Design and refine solutions to secure client systems and improve key management systems.
I have built NFT marketplaces and a lot of Swap sites in Solana network and Ethereum network using Solana & solidity & Smart Contract & truffle and Remix & Web3 and MERN stack, Full-Stack.

What it boils down to is, it's my honor to work with you and build our dream.
Thank you very much for your time. I look forward to hearing from you regarding the next steps.
Best regards,
Ben

