Dear Hiring manager
I'm Lucas and I'm a full stack developer.
I can implement psd design on my site and I have a lot of experience in website frontend development using React, Jquery, Bootstrap, etc.
And I have backend development experience using Express, Laravel, Django, etc.
I meet your requirements and exceed your expectations.
Give me a chance to work for you.
Please hire me and I will do my best to meet your needs.
I would like to be of some help to a large company.
Thanks for reading my inexperienced article.

--full-stack---
I am writing in order to submit my resume for the position of Computer Engineer. With a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering and 6+years of experience as a developing, I have the skills I need to be a valuable member of your team.
In my professional career, I worked to freelancer for 3+years as a full-stack developer. Main skill is frontend dev using react, backend dev using larabel, game dev using unity.
I hope to contribute a little your great business.
Thank you for reading my immature article.

---frontend---
Dear hiring manager.
I am lucas and full-stack developer.
I have a lot of experience in frontend development of web website using React, Jquery, Bootstrap etc.
And I have experience in backend development using Express, Laravel, Django etc.
I have worked 200+ websites and all of our clients get good business and customers after develop or renew their website by us.
I will fulfill your requirements and go beyond your expectations.
Please give me a chance I can work for you.
If you hire me, I will do my best for satisfy your needs.
I hope to contribute a little your great business.
Thank you for reading my immature article.

----frontend------

Dear Client,
I am Yurii,
I hope to make some contribution to your business.
what do i do?
1.Responsive Web Development.
2.Frontend-React/Vue, Backend->Express/Laravel,
3.Graphic Design - Branding, Web and UI/UX, Figma
I have 4+years working experience of frontend development.
I want to work with long term client.
Thank you for reading my immature article.

---------------