Dear hiring manager,

I am Lucas and full-stack developer.

Main skill is frontend development.

I am an HTML/CSS monster and mastered at building elegant and responsive design.

I am working for 3+ years in Shopify Development, Shopify Theme Customization, APP Installation, Product Insertion, Jquery, etc.

I have a lot of experience of developing and maintaining ecommerce  using shopify and varous sevices.

I hope to make a small contribution to your great business.

Thank you for reading my immature article.

-------------

I'm an experienced Shopify developer here with 9+ years of hands-on experience in Web/App development. I would like to ask the following questions relevant to your project.

1- Will you provide me with the UI/UX designs?
2- What wil be the endpoints of APIs?
3- Which payment gateway do you want to implement?
4- What sort of 'Admin' features do you want to acquire?

Kindly initiate the chat so we can discuss each aspect of this project thoroughly.

------------
Dear Client,

I am Brian and 3+years experience of ecommerce development and maintaining.

I am always in search of long term Client like you

Trust me, I am expert at development of ecommerce site.

Generally, ecommerce site developed by WordPress(called woocommerce) and Shopify.

About Using Shopify:
This app will automatically suggest upsells and cross sells, and related products to customers using AI, and will automatically group products together saving the E-commerce store owner valuable time.

This app will automatically suggest upsells and cross sells, and related products to customers using AI, and will automatically group products together saving the E-commerce store owner valuable time.

This app will also charge and have a monthly fee for use, still to be determined on price point.

I am preferred Shopify partners and I have published more than 5 apps on Shopify store.

I have completed more than 12+ Shopify projects in last few months.

I would love to have the opportunity to discuss your project with you.

Thank you for your time and consideration.


------------------

Hi there.
I am Shopify Expert and proficient in Shopify and Shopify 2.0, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, and Shopify template customization.
I have rich experience of ecommerce development.
I have gone through your requirement, I will assist you to launch your project successfully and professionally.

---------------------

https://oishiinipponproject.com/
https://www.littleripples.co/
https://milanrowe.com/
https://naturebondglobal.com/






