Which of the required job skills do you feel you are strongest at?

-I am proficient as a software architect: dividing a project into logical parts, loose coupling, sticking to DRY and KISS principles makes the development process a breeze.
I am good at REST API development using NodeJS.
I am a pixel-perfect web app front end designer.
So I think that  I could be the best fit for your needs.












-What past project or job have you had that is most like this one and why?
https://www.futurestarr.com/
It is one of my last projects.
I was built this site using ReactJS/ Redux, Rest API, HTML, bootstrap 4, CSS 3.
I used jest for unit test 

https://iterative.ai/
It is one of my last projects using React.js.

In my career, I think that  I could be the best fit for your needs.

Thank you. Chris








Why do you think you are a good fit for this particular project?
I prefer to work on core logic and implementation of front-end.
As a senior developer, I have strict principles and eyes on UI/UX implementation and always provide pixel-perfect UI.






What challenging part of this job are you most experienced in?
I am very familiar with the Redux workflow and Google Map integration.
I have a very strong logic.
Also, I am very familiar with Restful APIs and have special technology in cross-browser.
I have rich experience in Jest for unit test, Babel, Webpack.
I have the best practise of developing the website using React.js








-Why did you apply to this particular job?

Hi, Dear.

I have read about your project description carefully and understood what I have to do for you fully. 

Teach us something
As former Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously said: "it doesn't make sense to hire smart people and tell them what to do; we hire smart people so they can tell us what to do."

I am a senior web developer who has grit, rigor, curiosity, ownership, and integrity.

I'm really interested in this project and looking forward to working with you.

Thank you. Chris




For frontend, I have rich experience in ReactJS for 3 years.
I am a pixel-perfect frontend designer.
I have used styled-components for style.
I am familiar with SCSS, SASS.
I have built the project using React/React-Redux, Redux-thunk, Appolo GraphQL.
I have used Jest for the unit testing and I am familiar with Barbel and webpack

For backend, I have rich experience in NodeJS and Python for 5 years.
I have built backend using NodeJS, Python(Django, Flask).
In each framework, I am familiar with the Rest API.
I have rich experience in built huge backend projects using Django.
I used PostgreSQL for database








I am very sensitive to new technology.
I am challenge with risk problem and I try to solve it perfectly.
I am full stack developer. Once start work, I work 30~50 hours per week and I am learning new technical continuously.